Hello audience
I am the host Xu Shiyang
Now for this week's hot news
Hello, everybody.
I am the host Xu Shiyang
Now for this week's exciting news
He is in the workplace
It's really a solo trip
Boss, it's done.
The female live streaming host used in this finance is Miss Xu
Nice job there.
Double the bonus this month
Boss Zhu's mood was completely destroyed by Miss Xu
Miss Xu is my noble
Today's financial news has been broadcast
Thank you for watching. Goodbye.
As expected of our gold medal live streaming host
On the first day of the rebroadcast, he won the first place in the data of the whole network
The director just called me specially and asked me to tell you a good story about you
You are really our lucky star.
More reliable than some people
Yeah, I'll be your little sidekick from now on
on call
Thank you for your trust.
I will make persistent efforts.
I don't agree with that.
Who is this guy?
How did he get in?
Looks like Marty
He was wearing this dress yesterday
In fact, you give me to die